Introduction of net/http concept (#2254)
exercism/go: concepts/http-client/about.md

> # HTTP

Author: Then how about this?
```suggestion
# net/http clients
```

> HTTP or Hypertext Transfer Protocol is an application layer protocol. When you write a URL address in format of `http://website-address`, your browser is acting as a client and uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol to ask a server for resources and uses those resources to view the webpage.

Author: Let me know what you think if we change it to this:
```suggestion
[HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/hypertext-transfer-protocol-http/) is a protocol that allows devices to send and receive data using a client-server model.
```

In this concept we will learn how to code HTTP clients and send requests to http servers using go `net/http` package.

## Client

A client can be defined by using `http.Client` structure.
There are three main methods that you can use in http/net package to act as an HTTP client:

### Get method

`func (c *Client) Get(url string) (resp *Response, err error)`
This method lets you send GET requests to a URL and receive the response or any error that might occur. Consider the example below:

```go
package main

import (
 "fmt"
 "io"
 "log"
 "net/http"
)

func main() {
 client := &http.Client{}
 resp, err := client.Get("https://www.google.com/") // Sending a GET request to google
 if err != nil {
  log.Fatal(err)
 }
 defer resp.Body.Close() // Always close the reponse body
 body, err := io.ReadAll(resp.Body) // Reading the response HTTP body
 if err != nil {
  log.Fatal(err)
 }
 fmt.Println(string(body)) // Printing out the response body
}
```

Here we connect to Google main webpage and display the response body.

~~~~exercism/caution

> Tip: You should always close the response body. Since Go uses HTTP/1.1, it keeps a connection to the server open in case you might reuse it. Therefore using `defer resp.Body.Close()` you can make sure the response body will be closed after your function exits.  

Reviewer: - Remove `Tip`
- This section should mention the risk of memory leak as it is the number one source of memory leaks in Go. Also the explanation could maybe be a bit clearer/more accessible. Here some inspiration: "Often, the connection to the server is kept open for subsequent requests. As a result, if you don't close the response body, Go does not know you are actually done and will not free up that particular connection for the next request. That leads to a memory leak in the application. To avoid that, it is extremely important to always close the response body."
